Add include_tags in the log external archives (#715)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/logs_archive.md

  - `client_id`: (Required) Your client id.
  - `storage_account`: (Required) The associated storage account.
- `rehydration_tags`: (Optional) An array of tags to add to rehydrated logs from an archive.

> - `include_tags`: (Optional, default=false) To store the tags in the archive, set the value "true". If it is set to "false", the tags will be deleted when the logs are sent to the archive. By default.

Reviewer: Small suggestions on wording:

```suggestion
- `include_tags`: (Optional, default=false) To store the tags in the archive, set the value "true". If it is set to "false", the tags will be dropped when the logs are sent to the archive.
```
